adjust design. (#5)
microsoft/mysqlnd_azure: README.md

- 1.0.0  Change: initial version. Limitation: cannot install with pecl on linux; cannot work with 7.2.23+ and 7.3.10+
- 1.0.1  Change: with pecl install command line support on linux. Limitation: cannot work with 7.2.23+ and 7.3.10+
- 1.0.2  Change: fix compatibility problem with  7.2.23+ and 7.3.10+

> - 1.0.3  Change: In preious versions, if connection doesnot use SSL, or server doesnot support redirection, or redirected connection fails to connect for some reason, it will fallback to the first proxy connection. Since 1.0.3, the logic changes as follows: 

Reviewer: Nit: 
```suggestion
- 1.0.3  Change: In previous versions, if connection does not use SSL, or server does not support redirection, or redirected connection fails to connect for some reason, it will fallback to the first proxy connection. Since 1.0.3, the logic changes as follows: 
```

Author: Hi Christoph,

Thanks a lot for your detailed check. I've enhanced the document and change it accordingly.

	1. If redirection is on, ssl is off, no connection will be made, return error "mysqlnd_azure.enableRedirect is on, but SSL option is not set. Redirection is only possible with SSL."

> 	2. If redirection is on, but on server side redirection is not available, and there is no last message in OK packet, abort the first connection and return error "No redirection information available, redirection is not possible. Abort the connection."

Reviewer 2: "No redirection information available, redirection is not possible. Abort the connection"
=>
"Abort the connection because MySQL server does not enable redirection or network package doesn't meet redirection protocol. "

Author: Has adjusted the message.
